docs: add dependencies and troubleshooting section to build-instructions (#35345)
electron/electron: docs/development/build-instructions-macos.md

* [node.js](https://nodejs.org) (external)
* Python >= 3.7

### Arm64-specific prerequisites

* Rosetta 2

>   * this can be installed by using the softwareupdate command line tool.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if Rosetta is strictly required to run on ARM, could we confirm that? I might say something like:
```suggestion
  * We recommend installing Rosetta if using dependencies that need to cross-compile on x64 and arm64 machines. Rosetta can be installed by using the `softwareupdate` command line tool:
```

  * `$ softwareupdate --install-rosetta`

## Building Electron

See [Build Instructions: GN](build-instructions-gn.md).

## Troubleshooting

> ### Xcode is complaining about incompatible architecture (MacOS arm64-specific)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Xcode "incompatible architecture" errors (MacOS arm64-specific)
```

 (mach-o file, but is an incompatible architecture (have (x86_64), need (arm64e))), '/Users/<user>/.electron_build_tools/third_party/Xcode/Xcode-11.1.0.app/Contents/Developer/usr/lib/libxcrun.dylib (http://xcode-11.1.0.app/Contents/Developer/usr/lib/libxcrun.dylib)' (mach-o file, but is an incompatible architecture (have (x86_64), need (arm64e)))).`
```

If you are on arm64 architecture, the build script may be pointing to the wrong Xcode version (11.x.y doesn't support arm64). Navigate to `/Users/<user>/.electron_build_tools/third_party/Xcode/` and rename `Xcode-13.3.0.app` to `Xcode.app` to ensure the right Xcode version is used.

### I'm running into a vpython error resulting in a failed goroutine

```sh
Updating depot_tools...
[E2022-08-08T15:10:18.034202-07:00 18261 0 annotate.go:273] original error: permission denied

goroutine 1:
#0 go.chromium.org/luci/vpython/venv/venv.go:316 - venv.(*Env).ensure()
  reason: failed to ensure VirtualEnv

#1 go.chromium.org/luci/vpython/venv/venv.go:160 - venv.With()
  reason: failed to create empty probe environment

#2 go.chromium.org/luci/vpython/run.go:60 - vpython.Run()
```

> This error can be solved by uninstalling build-tools, running `xcode-select -r`, reinstalling build-tools, and finally clearing your `gcache` with `rm -rf ~/.git_cache`

Reviewer: I might remove this section, or slightly slim it down and link to this open bug in build-tools: https://github.com/electron/build-tools/issues/407 It's good information! But I also think it's fairly specific to the build-tools bug, which was reported fairly recently and I don't think was a commonly reported issue before.

Author: oops- didn't know this was a bug, I'll remove it
